Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
They came from Belize
and I think they have the stamp from…
If they came from Punta Gorda.
they should've had a stamp.
What can we do?
-Why don't I take care of this?
-They came from the International Airport.
-Did he?
-Milk?
Thanks.
-He's the man who created the antivirus.
-Okay. Okay.
That man wants to film me as well…
He is persecuted politically
by the Belizean authorities.
They've initiated
a political persecution against him
and he has had to
safeguard his integrity and life
by crossing the border
of Guatemala to seek asylum.
-What is your evidence?
-Documents.
-Threats from the Belizean government?
-Yes.
Yes. my uncle has his passport.
-If he has it. there's no problem. right?
-No.
Due to his illegal status in the country.
He's American
how are you going to take him with you?
-We don't mess with Federales.
-Yeah. From the federal district. Okay.
…but right now is not the moment.
Look. we're just following orders
from our superiors.
I know.
The thing is. as I'm telling you.
this situation we have…
I need to work on the patient!